.\" Manpage for livedns
.\" Contact voidtools/kali for improvements
.TH LIVEDNS 1 "August 2025" "LiveDNS Tool v1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
livedns \- check which domains are live (resolvable via DNS)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B livedns
.I DOMAIN_FILE
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B livedns
is a simple tool to check which domains from an input file are live (DNS resolvable).
It uses
.B dig
to query each domain and reports the ones that resolve.

The tool supports parallel execution for faster results.

.nf
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│              LiveDNS Tool v1.0              │
│       Checks which domains are live (DNS)   │
│                                             │
│           Author: voidtools/kali            │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────┘
.fi

.SH ARGUMENTS
.TP
.I DOMAIN_FILE
Input file containing a list of domains (one per line).

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-o ", " \-\-output " " \fIFILE\fR
Write output to \fIFILE\fR instead of stdout.
.TP
.BR \-p ", " \-\-parallel " " \fIN\fR
Number of parallel checks (default: 10).
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show help message and exit.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Check domains in \fIdomains.txt\fR and save results:
.EX
livedns domains.txt -o live.txt
.EE
.TP
Run with 20 parallel checks:
.EX
livedns domains.txt -p 20
.EE

.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
0
Success.
.TP
1
Error in execution (e.g., missing file, invalid arguments).
.TP
>1
Other unexpected errors.

.SH DEPENDENCIES
Requires:
.TP
.B dig
(from the \fBdnsutils\fR package or equivalent).

.SH AUTHOR
Written by voidtools/kali

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR dig (1),
.BR xargs (1)
