.\" Manpage for subtrace
.TH SUBTRACE 1 "August 2025" "subtrace 1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
subtrace \- passive subdomain tracer and enumerator
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B subtrace
[\fIOPTIONS\fR] \-d \fIDOMAIN\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B subtrace
is a user-friendly Linux command-line tool for passive subdomain enumeration.
It runs multiple reconnaissance tools in parallel (such as subfinder, assetfinder,
amass, crt.sh, and waybackurls) and produces a clean list of unique subdomains.

The tool is designed to be:
.IP \(bu 2
Scalable and extensible for future integrations
.IP \(bu 2
User-friendly with clear output and optional verbose progress
.IP \(bu 2
Passive-only by default to avoid generating traffic to the target
.IP \(bu 2
Deterministic: output is always a list of domains (one per line)
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR -d " DOMAIN"
Target domain (required).
.TP
.BR -o " FILE"
Output file. Defaults to \fIsubtrace_DOMAIN.txt\fR.
.TP
.BR -v
Verbose mode. Shows progress updates, subdomains as they are discovered,
and per-tool summaries.
.TP
.BR -h
Display help and exit.
.SH OUTPUT
The result is always a plain text file containing one unique subdomain per line.
Example:
.nf
api.example.com
mail.example.com
www.example.com
.fi
.SH EXAMPLES
Run a passive scan on example.com and save results to the default file:
.nf
subtrace -d example.com
.fi

Run with verbose output:
.nf
subtrace -d example.com -v
.fi

Specify custom output file:
.nf
subtrace -d example.com -o results.txt
.fi
.SH DEPENDENCIES
The following tools are used by
.B subtrace
if available:
.IP \(bu 2
subfinder
.IP \(bu 2
assetfinder
.IP \(bu 2
amass
.IP \(bu 2
crt.sh (via curl + jq)
.IP \(bu 2
waybackurls
.PP
Missing dependencies will be reported with installation hints.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by elqabasy.
.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report bugs at:
.UR https://github.com/elqabasy/voidtools
.UE
.SH COPYRIGHT
This is free software; you may redistribute it under the terms of the MIT License.
